~view-for-referencing-current-jumpid.md, before:

---
tags: _meta 
DOC_VERSION: v1.0.5
---
# -

- [ ] Code [[~view-for-referencing-current-jumpid]] to place its versioning number directly into the ui-code.
  - The inline dataview is just a shorter term solution.
This [[Partial-dataview,vis-Noteshippo,]] is meant to create a codified name for the links that jump from a quoted piece of work to the link providing the original source of the material. [[list-of-fictional-universe-identifiers,by-romanized-to-norse-rune-pair,vis-Kanzishippo-title-level-affix]]
- [x] Use ad-finem instead of b.t. for simpler more defined one way classification.
  - Consider Replacing "ad-finem" with [[belonging-to,ad-finem-Note-Taking]][[,aka-b.t.]]
    - 🔑 Belonging to sounds like it belongs to but it doesn't have the particular meaning. A list of conventions is less belonging to and more for the purpose of implementing or embettring. I like ad finem more.

1.05 Remove Header
1.04 Add layout ready and replace dv.paragaraph with this.container api.
v1.03 remove the weird dash to facilitate text search
v1.0.2

# =

₀ ₁ ₂ ₃ ₄ ₅ ₆ ₇ ₈ ₉ 
**`= this.file.name + "-" + this.file.frontmatter.DOC_VERSION`**
```dataviewjs
const {workspace} = this.app
const container = this.container
workspace.onLayoutReady(main.bind(this))

function main() {
  container.createDiv({
    text: calcJumpId()
  })
}

function calcJumpId() {
    const subNumbers = "₀₁₂₃₄₅₆₇₈₉".split('')
    const { configuration: { 
      configuration : { idDefinitions } } 
    } = app
        .plugins.plugins['incremental-id'];

    const {currentIteration: jidx} = idDefinitions
        .find(findByNameAndCurrentIteration);
    function findByNameAndCurrentIteration({
      prefix, 
      currentIteration
    }) {
      return prefix === 'JUMPID' && currentIteration;
    }
    return `ⱼᵤₘₚ${String(jidx).split("")
        .map(Number).map(
          (num,idx) => subNumbers[num]).join('')}`;
}

```

# ---Transient

### Archive

#### v1

~~~js
```
```dataviewjs
function main() {
    const subNumbers = "₀₁₂₃₄₅₆₇₈₉".split('')
    const { configuration: { configuration : { idDefinitions } } } = app
        .plugins.plugins['incremental-id'];
        
    const {currentIteration: jidx} = idDefinitions
        .find(
            ({name, currentIteration}) => name === 'JUMPID' && currentIteration
        );
    return `ⱼᵤₘₚ₋${String(jidx).split("")
        .map(Number).map((num,idx) => subNumbers[num]).join('')}`;
}

try {
    dv.paragraph(main());
} catch (err) { console.log({err}) }
```
```
~~~

## v0?

- [ ] Use vscode to diff if version below is different from v1

```js

~~~dataviewjs
function main() {
    const subNumbers = "₀₁₂₃₄₅₆₇₈₉".split('')
    const { configuration: { configuration : { idDefinitions } } } = app
        .plugins.plugins['incremental-id'];
        
    const {currentIteration: jidx} = idDefinitions
        .find(
            ({name, currentIteration}) => name === 'JUMPID' && currentIteration
        );
    return `ⱼᵤₘₚ₋${String(jidx).split("")
        .map(Number).map((num,idx) => subNumbers[num]).join('')}`;
}

try {
    dv.paragraph(main());
} catch (err) { console.log({err}) }
~~~
```

Commit message:

Update partials to reflect new naming convention for MUIDs and other unnamed misc.
Update partials to reflect new naming convention for MUIDs and other unnamed misc.

Retitle MUID-1934A according to convention.

Retitle MUID 113 according to convention.

Retitle MUID-1560 according to convention.

Retitle MUID-139 according to convention.

Rename MUID-125 according to convention.

Update MUID-1922 content to convention. Use human readable project names.

Retag partials: big5 radara chart and reading time are used very little so they go to misc wips

Update referencing jumpid partial from obsidian wikilink propagation. Upgrade various content api.

Deprecate the use of metadata field CODELET_SHORTNAME in MUID-698

Delete MUID-1208 from usage.

Create a partial called MUID-1022 that displays a grouped view of h2 and h3s of a library specced note.

Misc content update from wikilink propagation.

Misc content update from wikilink propagation.

Delete MUID-1934 from experiments folder

Too hard to keep track when the names of files change so much. Remember to sync more frequently.

Various other updates.

~view-for-referencing-current-jumpid.md, after:

---
tags: _meta 
DOC_VERSION: v1.0.5
---
# -

- [ ] Code [[~view-for-referencing-current-jumpid]] to place its versioning number directly into the ui-code. #_todo/to-code ➕ 2025-04-04
  - Current use of inline dataview is a stopgap solution. Please update the js code iteslf.
- This [[Partial-dataview,vis-Noteshippo,]] is meant to create a codified name for the links that jump from a quoted piece of work to the link providing the original source of the material. 
	- [[list-of-fictive-universe-affixes,by-romanized-to-norse-rune-tuple,nb.-writeshippo-title-level-affix]]
- [x] 💀 Use ~~ad-finem~~ instead of b.t. for simpler more defined one way classification. ✅ 2025-04-04
  - Consider Replacing "ad-finem" with `[[belonging-to,ad-finem-Note-Taking]][[,aka-b.t.]]`
    - 💀🔑 Belonging to sounds like it belongs to but it doesn't have the particular meaning. A list of conventions is less belonging to and more for the purpose of implementing or embettring. I like ad finem more.
  - ! All nomenclature referred here is obsolete

1.05 Remove Header
1.04 Add layout ready and replace dv.paragaraph with this.container api.
v1.03 remove the weird dash to facilitate text search
v1.0.2

## 20-Inlink

[[_writing _¬]]
> [!info]- Get Macros that Consume v0.0.1 `=this.MUID` 
`= join( map( filter( this.file.inlinks, (link) => icontains(meta(link).path, "macro") ) , (link) => "• " + link ), "<br>")`


# =

₀ ₁ ₂ ₃ ₄ ₅ ₆ ₇ ₈ ₉ 
**`= this.file.name + "-" + this.file.frontmatter.DOC_VERSION`**
```dataviewjs
const {workspace} = this.app
const container = this.container
workspace.onLayoutReady(main.bind(this))

function main() {
  container.createDiv({
    text: calcJumpId()
  })
}

function calcJumpId() {
    const subNumbers = "₀₁₂₃₄₅₆₇₈₉".split('')
    const { configuration: { 
      configuration : { idDefinitions } } 
    } = app
        .plugins.plugins['incremental-id'];

    const {currentIteration: jidx} = idDefinitions
        .find(findByNameAndCurrentIteration);
    function findByNameAndCurrentIteration({
      prefix, 
      currentIteration
    }) {
      return prefix === 'JUMPID' && currentIteration;
    }
    return `ⱼᵤₘₚ${String(jidx).split("")
        .map(Number).map(
          (num,idx) => subNumbers[num]).join('')}`;
}

```

# ---Transient

### ÷LA--code--v1

~~~js
```
```dataviewjs
function main() {
    const subNumbers = "₀₁₂₃₄₅₆₇₈₉".split('')
    const { configuration: { configuration : { idDefinitions } } } = app
        .plugins.plugins['incremental-id'];
        
    const {currentIteration: jidx} = idDefinitions
        .find(
            ({name, currentIteration}) => name === 'JUMPID' && currentIteration
        );
    return `ⱼᵤₘₚ₋${String(jidx).split("")
        .map(Number).map((num,idx) => subNumbers[num]).join('')}`;
}

try {
    dv.paragraph(main());
} catch (err) { console.log({err}) }
```
```
~~~

## ÷LA--code--v0

- [ ] Use vscode to diff if version below is different from v1

```js

~~~dataviewjs
function main() {
    const subNumbers = "₀₁₂₃₄₅₆₇₈₉".split('')
    const { configuration: { configuration : { idDefinitions } } } = app
        .plugins.plugins['incremental-id'];
        
    const {currentIteration: jidx} = idDefinitions
        .find(
            ({name, currentIteration}) => name === 'JUMPID' && currentIteration
        );
    return `ⱼᵤₘₚ₋${String(jidx).split("")
        .map(Number).map((num,idx) => subNumbers[num]).join('')}`;
}

try {
    dv.paragraph(main());
} catch (err) { console.log({err}) }
~~~
```
