~viewfn-for-listing-local-specific-tags.md, before:

---
TEMPLATE_VERSION: v1.0.7_note-refactor-template
MUID: MUID-1922
CREATION_DATE: 2023-12-22
tags: _wip 
DOC_VERSION: v0.0.0
UMID: "[[UMID-305a25a5-a286-4d38-8e86-19019c23e63c]]"
---
# -

![[~view-for-local-tasks-using-a-progress-bar,nb.-MUID-698#=|nlk]]

```dataview
task where file.name = this.file.name and !completed
```

```dataview
task where file.name = this.file.name and completed
```

## About


There is a heavy reliance to dv.file 

one day i have to excise this so that I can grab it from the indexedDb. 
The puprose of this partial is to dynamically list the list items using a tag specified in the [[custom-transclusion-parameters,cf.-Kanzi,vis-ObisidianMD-app,]]
### Reference

> [!info] [[~view-for-referencing-current-jumpid]]

* †

# =

> [!warning] This only lists current tags in the note and doesn't search globally

> [!info] Embed `![viewfn...|?search_term=_cv...]` into your note.
> ℹ Replace `#cv` with the tag you want to list

*`= this.file.name`*

```dataviewjs
const { plugins, workspace, vault, metadataCache, fileManager } =
  this.app;

const { default: obs } =
  plugins.plugins["templater-obsidian"].templater
    .current_functions_object.obsidian;

const getCurrentfilepath = () => this.currentFilePath;

workspace.onLayoutReady(bootstrap.bind(this));
function bootstrap() {

    // business domain
    const providing_path = getCurrentfilepath();
    const argMap = extractParams(
      providing_path,
      workspace.getActiveFile(),
    );
    
    const pvf = vault.getAbstractFileByPath(providing_path);
    const { frontmatter: fm } = metadataCache.getFileCache(pvf);

    const dvCurrent = dv.page(this.app.workspace.getActiveFile()?.path) || dv.current()
    const childrenTextTuples = dvCurrent.file.lists.values.map(({text, children}) => ({children, text}))

    const datums = [];
    const {search_term: tagTarget} = argMap;

    walk(childrenTextTuples, datums, 0, {tagTarget})
    
    
    renderText(`* ! Render list items that are tagged with ${tagTarget}`);
    renderList(datums)
}

function withTagTarget(tagTarget, cb) {
  cb(tagTarget)
}

function renderText(text) {
  dv.paragraph(text)
}
function renderList(datums) {
  dv.list(datums)
}
// walk an array
function manuWalkFig() {
 return ({tagTarget: `_cv/`})
} 
function walk(list, c, level, fig = manuWalkFig()) {
  const config = {
    ...(manuWalkFig()),
    ...fig
  }
  for(let li of list) {
    const d = [];
    if ((li.text.indexOf(`#${config.tagTarget}`) > -1) || (level > 0)) {
      d.push(li.text)
      if (Array.isArray(li.children) && li.children.length) {
        walk(li.children, d, level + 1, config)
      }
      if (d.length) {
        c.push(d)
      }
    }
  }
  
}

// # Extraction Code See MUID-1634 for versioning 
// impossible to version when inside another codelet.

function manuParams() {
  return {
    search_term: "",
    regex_flag: "g"
  }
}
function extractParams(
  current_filepath,
  vf
) {

  const embeds = getEmbedsFromVf(vf)
  const {name} = vault.adapter.path
    .parse(current_filepath);
  const embed = extractTargetEmbed(
    name,
    embeds
  );
  const displayText = embed?.displayText;


  if (!displayText) {
    return manuParams()
  };

  const argMap = parseStringToMap(
    displayText
  );
  return {
    ...manuParams(),
    ...argMap
  };
  // /end params extraction

  // helpers
  function getEmbedsFromVf(vf) {
    return metadataCache
      .getFileCache(vf)?.embeds || [];
  }

  function extractTargetEmbed(
    embed_name,
    embeds
  ) {
    const embed = embeds?.find(
    (embed) => {
      const parsed = obs.parseLinktext(
        embed.link
      );
      return parsed.path === embed_name;
    });
    return embed;
  }


  function parseStringToMap(str) {
    { var parsed = {};
      try {
        parsed = vault.adapter
          ?.url
          ?.parse(str, true);
      } catch (err) {

        return {
          err
        }
      }
      return parsed?.query || {};
    }
    return {};
  }
}
```

---

# ---Transient

Commit message:

Update partials to reflect new naming convention for MUIDs and other unnamed misc.
Update partials to reflect new naming convention for MUIDs and other unnamed misc.

Retitle MUID-1934A according to convention.

Retitle MUID 113 according to convention.

Retitle MUID-1560 according to convention.

Retitle MUID-139 according to convention.

Rename MUID-125 according to convention.

Update MUID-1922 content to convention. Use human readable project names.

Retag partials: big5 radara chart and reading time are used very little so they go to misc wips

Update referencing jumpid partial from obsidian wikilink propagation. Upgrade various content api.

Deprecate the use of metadata field CODELET_SHORTNAME in MUID-698

Delete MUID-1208 from usage.

Create a partial called MUID-1022 that displays a grouped view of h2 and h3s of a library specced note.

Misc content update from wikilink propagation.

Misc content update from wikilink propagation.

Delete MUID-1934 from experiments folder

Too hard to keep track when the names of files change so much. Remember to sync more frequently.

Various other updates.

~viewfn-for-listing-local-specific-tags.md, after:

---
TEMPLATE_VERSION: v1.0.7_note-refactor-template
MUID: MUID-1922
CREATION_DATE: 2023-12-22
tags: _misc/_wip
DOC_VERSION: v0.0.0
UMID: "[[π-design-custom-transclusion-parameters-codelets]]"
---
# -
## 00-Meta

> [!info]+ Progress Bar
> > ![[~view-for-local-tasks-using-a-progress-bar,nb.-MUID-698#=|olk]]
> ```dataview
> task where file.name = this.file.name and !completed
> ```
> > 
> ```dataview
> task where file.name = this.file.name and completed
> ```
### 10÷About


- There is a heavy reliance to dv.file 
- [ ] Consider replacing reliance to dv file with indexedDb. ➕ 2025-05-05 #_todo/to-muse 
- The purpose of this partial is to dynamically list the list items using a tag specified in the [[custom-transclusion-parameters,bt.-Noteshippo-terminology,]]
### 11÷Reference

> [!info] [[~view-for-referencing-current-jumpid]]

* †

## 20-Inlink

> [!abstract]- %%  %% Automated List of Reference Inlinks (v0.0.5)
> * ℹ Commit/design logs are located in this [[,aka-MUID-150|experiment note]]. 
> > `= join( map( sort( map( filter(this.file.inlinks, (link) => meta(link).path != this.file.path), (x) => [ split(meta(x).path, "/")[length(split(meta(x).path, "/")) - 1], x ] ) ), (b) => "• " + choice( length(b[0]) > 28, link( b[1], truncate( regexreplace(b[0], "(-of|of|the|-the|-for|-that|https-|ee)", ""), length( regexreplace(b[0], "(-of|of|the|-the|-for|-that|https-|ee)", "") ) * 0.75 ) ), link(b[1], regexreplace(b[0], "\.md$", "")) ) ), "<br>" )`


# =

> [!warning] This only lists current tags in the note and doesn't search globally

> [!info] Embed `![viewfn...|?search_term=_cv...]` into your note.
> ℹ Replace `#cv` with the tag you want to list

*`= this.file.name`*

```dataviewjs
const { plugins, workspace, vault, metadataCache, fileManager } =
  this.app;

const { default: obs } =
  plugins.plugins["templater-obsidian"].templater
    .current_functions_object.obsidian;

const getCurrentfilepath = () => this.currentFilePath;

workspace.onLayoutReady(bootstrap.bind(this));
function bootstrap() {

    // business domain
    const providing_path = getCurrentfilepath();
    const argMap = extractParams(
      providing_path,
      workspace.getActiveFile(),
    );
    
    const pvf = vault.getAbstractFileByPath(providing_path);
    const { frontmatter: fm } = metadataCache.getFileCache(pvf);

    const dvCurrent = dv.page(this.app.workspace.getActiveFile()?.path) || dv.current()
    const childrenTextTuples = dvCurrent.file.lists.values.map(({text, children}) => ({children, text}))

    const datums = [];
    const {search_term: tagTarget} = argMap;

    walk(childrenTextTuples, datums, 0, {tagTarget})
    
    
    renderText(`* ! Render list items that are tagged with ${tagTarget}`);
    renderList(datums)
}

function withTagTarget(tagTarget, cb) {
  cb(tagTarget)
}

function renderText(text) {
  dv.paragraph(text)
}
function renderList(datums) {
  dv.list(datums)
}
// walk an array
function manuWalkFig() {
 return ({tagTarget: `_cv/`})
} 
function walk(list, c, level, fig = manuWalkFig()) {
  const config = {
    ...(manuWalkFig()),
    ...fig
  }
  for(let li of list) {
    const d = [];
    if ((li.text.indexOf(`#${config.tagTarget}`) > -1) || (level > 0)) {
      d.push(li.text)
      if (Array.isArray(li.children) && li.children.length) {
        walk(li.children, d, level + 1, config)
      }
      if (d.length) {
        c.push(d)
      }
    }
  }
  
}

// # Extraction Code See MUID-1634 for versioning 
// impossible to version when inside another codelet.

function manuParams() {
  return {
    search_term: "",
    regex_flag: "g"
  }
}
function extractParams(
  current_filepath,
  vf
) {

  const embeds = getEmbedsFromVf(vf)
  const {name} = vault.adapter.path
    .parse(current_filepath);
  const embed = extractTargetEmbed(
    name,
    embeds
  );
  const displayText = embed?.displayText;


  if (!displayText) {
    return manuParams()
  };

  const argMap = parseStringToMap(
    displayText
  );
  return {
    ...manuParams(),
    ...argMap
  };
  // /end params extraction

  // helpers
  function getEmbedsFromVf(vf) {
    return metadataCache
      .getFileCache(vf)?.embeds || [];
  }

  function extractTargetEmbed(
    embed_name,
    embeds
  ) {
    const embed = embeds?.find(
    (embed) => {
      const parsed = obs.parseLinktext(
        embed.link
      );
      return parsed.path === embed_name;
    });
    return embed;
  }


  function parseStringToMap(str) {
    { var parsed = {};
      try {
        parsed = vault.adapter
          ?.url
          ?.parse(str, true);
      } catch (err) {

        return {
          err
        }
      }
      return parsed?.query || {};
    }
    return {};
  }
}
```

---

# ---Transient
